Remove incorrect Py_INCREF/DECREF on Model in catchEvent/dropEvent (#1190)
scipopt/PySCIPOpt: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
### Added
- Added `getMemUsed()`, `getMemTotal()`, and `getMemExternEstim()` methods
### Fixed

> - Removed incorrect `Py_INCREF`/`Py_DECREF` on `Model` in `catchEvent`/`dropEvent` that caused reference count imbalance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `Py_INCREF`/`Py_DECREF` on `Model` in `catchEvent`/`dropEvent` that caused memory leak for imbalanced usage
```
